[JadeRed and CannonballHead]
Space Pirates : Cyber Synopsis

Intro
Sea cologne, back slash, space. Start ping, waiting for response. Wait time, estimated time of arrival, set interval. Heading, longfold, set sail. Callback, kraken, hoist flags. "AIM CANNONS!". The first treasures come to mind, bludgen box locks, wooden crates, rope nets on board. Tow hooks to the front. Mermaids circling under, their siren screeches heard from above. A baby seal crying stranded on a piece of wood, "Awww poor puppy, what a sad pathetic piece of meat.". A siren impossible to hear amongst the waves slowly peers from behind the waters of the seal and slowly lowers it into the water. The ocean waves begin to crash higher and higher, thudding bumps against the hull. Sploosh! Through the air, a skeleton flies through the sky.

"All hands on deck. All hands on deck."...

The Sirens wail, splash, and breach the waters soaring at great heights. "MY scroll! Fetch my scroll!" Diving deep into the waters something lurks. Time seems to stop, it's dark, the wind is loud, the clouds flash with light. Touching the scroll now one of the crew begins to see, colors glowing and flashing from the paper, picks it up, and runs frantically to the deck. Sirens' offerings lay at the bottom of the sea, a trap for any that seek. The scroll is handed over, and tucked away. Tappings heard on the walls of the ship never to be answered. Voices of kindness are to never be returned. Eyes through the cracks staring and waiting, shallow breathing whispers names. The Sirens' offer fate.

Waiting, waiting for something worse to come to clear the waters. Time holds still. In the ship, in a small room to herself, a tiny woman sits at a table. The table is covered with a stitch designed cloth, she sits on a red pillow. On the table is an orb, the orb is clear and glows with a misty fog inside, the orb also rests on a pillow. "Tell the gypsy I must see her." A crewman runs off, down a flight of stairs, "Arrrrrrrrr...". A silence falls upon the deck, more of the crew rush to the stairs.

Waiting for approval to see her he has time to assess the ship. Looking over the edges and back again, keeping a constant lookout for anything crawling up the sides. It's very quiet on the ship, listening for any out of the ordinary creak or splash or whisper. The sound of a rock skipping across the floor as if thrown from far. Walking over to a side of the ship to look out into the distance for anything below the horizon. Perhaps a shadow amongst the waves, or an usplash churn remnance. Another rock skips across the deck in the opposite direction. Looking back over his shoulder, darkness, a cloud of fog laying on the water, both rocks lay on the deck. Flashes of light reflect from the deck floor. Another seal in the water, "Arf Arf". "What the..."

"You best get outa here stupid seal you ain't gonna find anything here!"

"Squaaaaaaaawk", the ship's parrot perched on a boom. "Bloody parrot what are you mad about...!"

"You don't wanna know what happened to the last seal stupid seal!", feeding the parrot a cookie. "Parrot, status !"

"0% damage; speed: anchored; !"

"Batten the hatches, it's gonna be a long night."

The parrot flies off to tell the crew. "And tell the gypsy I need to see her!" Parrots like this get side tracked, well, if not side tracked they make good use of their time. Sliding down the banisters, studying paintings, maps, artifacts, and this parrot is half robot. Scanning and loading data, grabbing a sip to drink, carrying little notes around. Finding the gypsy's room now the parrot taps on the door. The gypsy answers, "Come in.". Nothing, the parrot knocks again. "I said come in!" The parrot waits. The parrot peeks under the door, it can see her feet, seated at her table she waits for the door to open. "Squeek" the parrot whispers under the door. "Oh, you.", she says from the table. Putting her orb on hold she walks to the door. She peeks underneath to see the parrot. She whispers, "What do you want?". The parrot waddles his best impersonation and points to her with his toe. "Oh, K, send him down." The parrot turns and then she whispers, "Take this.". The parrot turns around to see a small item of the gypsy passed under the door. The parrot grabs it, then flys up hall.

The weather is settling. The sky is filled with cloud pillars and spiraling mountainous puffs reaching miles high showing peeks of the sky beyond the horizon in every direction, the rain waiting, every cloud plump and full. The wind is still, the temperature is cold. The gypsy's room is lit. Thick dark curtains hang to divide the room into sections. The glass ball table sits directly in front of the entrance door. The gypsy is seated at her ball. The table is covered with coins, and jewelry, and small desirables; note paper and feather pens. She speaks, "Tell me something". The glass ball is on it's pillow, the wind blows slightly outside the window. She walks to the window to look outside, then closes the shutter. Listening carefully for anybody walking down the hall, waiting for a knock. Making tea and coffee, stacking her coins, refilling her ink. Looking in her jars, feeding her water creatures. "Where were you the last time you were this hungry?", she says. One special one, her favorite, gets special attention. That's when there is a knock at her door. "Come in." The door opens, "Have a seat" she says. He sits at a jar, then crouches on his feet, his hands out forward, his eyes focuses back toward her eyes. He stands and begins to float himself above the surface slowly, keeping eye contact with her and looking if there is a gift from the gypsy. The gypsy pulls her chair near and sits. Her special creature swims to the edge, slowly touches the glass, and begins to climb up the jar wall, until finally resting on the jar rim, half of its body under water. He reaches his arm out and returns her item to her, "I guess you lost this the parrot brought it to me." She grasps the item and places it on the table. He pulls something out from his coat and places it with her item, and a small empty jar and places it near himself. The gypsy walks to her water creature collection and says, "You've been waiting a long time for this.", smiling she picks up one of the tiny jars, walks to his jar and empties the jar into his, creature and all, a tiny black octopus.

Breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner, breakfast, lunch, dinner. Monday, Tuesday, Wednsday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December. 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 1 + 1 = 2, 1 + 2 = 3. In the far back bottom of the ship is the kitchen. Hot steaming pots of food and water. Water sloshing around everywhere from floor to cieling, water pours off of everything to the floor the endless cycle. The occasional live animal scampering across the floor. Blood sweat and tears the men pour out every bit of life into the food they prepare. Nonstop orders passed through any way word can get through, by mouth, by paper, hand gesture, anything. Can I get this? Can I get that? Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, it's too cold, it's too hot, can I have some cream for my coffee? Anything you can think of they make. Chop this up, chop that up, pour this, pour that, fish this, fish that, clam this, clam that, shuck this, shuck that, do this, do that, wash this, wash that, clean this, clean that. Pots and pans dangling from racks, clanking and banging, barrels rolling, fish flying, with a salad on the side. Salt and pepper, spiced everything, sugar, coffee, tea. Hot water boiling water in the kettle, steamed shrimp, lobster, and crab. Clam bakes, crab cakes, mashed potatoes. Hot plates, hot platters, hot pots, hot pans, steam pours out the window, cool air dribbles in.

A radio crackles, a song starts to play. Far away, way, way, far away, outer space far, is a space ship. The ship is flown by one pilot, without crew, he's on a journey through space. Stopping and searching every planet one by one, listening to radio chatter, checking stations, listening, listening, listening, transmitting, listening. It's been a long time since he's seen his coed robotic copilot, her hot pink visor, her shiny metal armor. A long time as in, in the beginning God said let there be light long.
Class : Robots; Separated by the beginning of time.

Meanwhile... She flies, the same as him, solo, without crew, through space, planet to planet, place to place, tuned in to her radio, watching her scanners, checking her radars, watching little green blips on her display:
Call sign : JadeRed
Mission : JadeRed and CannonballHead / Escape Velocity
Call sign : CannonballHead : "Another night in the books."


CHAPTER 1

Exposed
It starts with silence, its ends with disaster. Mission Cyber Synopsis is exposed. It is dark; the net is full. The list is blacklisted, and there are names on it. Cannonballhead was once amongst a mix of names, but with the list wipe, his stands on top.

Cannonballhead sits at a computer. The display is black, nothing on it, blank. He reaches for a disk, and plugs it in into a port.


To be continued...
